README.md, before:

# Project Title

One Paragraph of project description goes here

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

What things you need to install the software and how to install them

```
Give examples
```

### Installing

A step by step series of examples that tell you how to get a development env running

Say what the step will be

```
Give the example
```

And repeat

```
until finished
```

End with an example of getting some data out of the system or using it for a little demo

## Running the tests

Explain how to run the automated tests for this system

### Break down into end to end tests

Explain what these tests test and why

```
Give an example
```

### And coding style tests

Explain what these tests test and why

```
Give an example
```

## TODO

- [ ] Add Watchlist to rails routing
- [ ] Add protected route
- [ ] Add Watchlist table in user profile area
- [ ] Add Home entry page
  - [ ] Add Cast section panel to Movie Details page
  - [ ] Add Recommended section to Movie Details section
- [ ] Fix log out redirect to root route
- [ ] Logged in logic to watchlist button on detail page
- [ ] Add React-router back navigation

## Built With

* [Dropwizard](http://www.dropwizard.io/1.0.2/docs/) - The web framework used

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for details about  the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/your/project/tags).

## Authors

* **Chuck Smith** -  [Eclectic Coding](https://github.com/eclectic-coding)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/eclectic-coding/this-repo/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
* Inspiration
* etc

Commit message:

Work on README todo and bug list.

README.md, after:

# Project Title

One Paragraph of project description goes here

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

What things you need to install the software and how to install them

```
Give examples
```

### Installing

A step by step series of examples that tell you how to get a development env running

Say what the step will be

```
Give the example
```

And repeat

```
until finished
```

End with an example of getting some data out of the system or using it for a little demo

## Running the tests

Explain how to run the automated tests for this system

### Break down into end to end tests

Explain what these tests test and why

```
Give an example
```

### And coding style tests

Explain what these tests test and why

```
Give an example
```

## TODO

- [ ] Fix Genre, Duration, and Budget in details box.
- [ ] Fix Toast styling.
- [ ] Logged in logic to watchlist button on detail page
- [ ] Add Watchlist to rails routing
- [ ] Add Watchlist table interface table in user profile area
  - [ ] Add watchlist button to menubar
  - [ ] Conditional ternary in Movie Detail for watchlist
- [ ] Add protected route
- [ ] Add Cast section panel to Movie Details page
- [ ] Add Recommended section to Movie Details section
- [ ] Add React-router back navigation

**Bugs**
- [ ] Fix log out redirect to root route
- [ ] Flash waiting for movie list to populate. Look into fix. Maybe with Suspense and lazy load.
## Built With

* [Dropwizard](http://www.dropwizard.io/1.0.2/docs/) - The web framework used

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for details about  the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/your/project/tags).

## Authors

* **Chuck Smith** -  [Eclectic Coding](https://github.com/eclectic-coding)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/eclectic-coding/this-repo/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
* Inspiration
* etc
